README.md, before:

# Digital Currency Council  

The Digital Currency Council seeks to support the development of best in class professional practices in the digital currency economy through training, certification, and ongoing practice and marketing support.

# Certification Exam

Our Certification Course and Exam builds competency in the following* six key domains within the digital currency ecosystem:

1) Origins and Technical Underpinnings  
2) Practical and Monetary Implications  
3) Digital Currency Usage  
4) The Digital Currency Ecosystem  
5) Finance, Investing, and Trading  
6) Regulatory, Legal, and Accounting  

\* While the topics described are accurate, the exact names of these core competency areas may change. Submit a pull request if you have suggestions!

# Certification Exam Questions

This repo contains a sampling of our potential Certification Exam questions. We are putting these out for community review in order to improve both the quality and relevance of the questions. Our total pool of questions draws from each of our core-competancy areas in equal proportion. 

To suggest a revision/correction to our questions, or submit your own, please fork this repository, make changes in your forked copy, and submit a pull request.

# Question Format

Questions are formatted in a way that's both human-readable and easy for us to programmatically parse into our e-learning suite. Formatting rules are as follows:  
-- Separate questions with two newlines  
-- Each possible incorrect answer should be preceded by "-- "  
-- Each correct answer should be preceded by "--* "

Commit message:

Add note regarding intended audience

README.md, after:

# Digital Currency Council  

The Digital Currency Council seeks to support the development of best in class professional practices in the digital currency economy through training, certification, and ongoing practice and marketing support.

# Certification Exam

Our Certification Course and Exam are intended for a professional audience (eg; laywers, accountants, financial professionals) seeking to build a robust working-knowledge and practical skillset in the digital currency ecosystem. Our course and exam are tailored to that end, and emphasize the following* six key domains within the digital currency ecosystem:

1) Origins and Technical Underpinnings  
2) Practical and Monetary Implications  
3) Digital Currency Usage  
4) The Digital Currency Ecosystem  
5) Finance, Investing, and Trading  
6) Regulatory, Legal, and Accounting  

\* While the topics described are accurate, the exact names of these core competency areas may change. Submit a pull request if you have suggestions!

# Certification Exam Questions

This repo contains a sampling of our potential Certification Exam questions. We are putting these out for community review in order to improve both the quality and relevance of the questions. Our total pool of questions draws from each of our core-competancy areas in equal proportion. 

To suggest a revision/correction to our questions, or submit your own, please fork this repository, make changes in your forked copy, and submit a pull request.

# Question Format

Questions are formatted in a way that's both human-readable and easy for us to programmatically parse into our e-learning suite. Formatting rules are as follows:  
-- Separate questions with two newlines  
-- Each possible incorrect answer should be preceded by "-- "  
-- Each correct answer should be preceded by "--* "
